Update README.md (#133)
TuringLang/AdvancedHMC.jl: README.md

# AdvancedHMC.jl: a robust, modular and efficient implementation of advanced HMC algorithms

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/TuringLang/AdvancedHMC.jl.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/TuringLang/AdvancedHMC.jl)
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/72657907.svg)](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/72657907)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/TuringLang/AdvancedHMC.jl/badge.svg?branch=kx%2Fbug-fix)](https://coveralls.io/github/TuringLang/AdvancedHMC.jl?branch=kx%2Fbug-fix)

> AdvancedHMC.jl is originally designed to implement HMC samplers in [Turing.jl](https://github.com/TuringLang/Turing.jl), a probabilistic programming language (PPL) in Julia. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`AdvancedHMC.jl` is part of `Turing.jl`, a probabilistic programming library in Julia. If you are more interested in using `AdvancedHMC.jl` via a probabilistic programming language, please check it!
```

> AdvancedHMC.jl is originally designed to implement HMC samplers in [Turing.jl](https://github.com/TuringLang/Turing.jl), a probabilistic programming language (PPL) in Julia. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`AdvancedHMC.jl` is part of [Turing.jl](https://github.com/TuringLang/Turing.jl), a probabilistic programming library in Julia. If you are interested in using `AdvancedHMC.jl` through a probabilistic programming language, please check it out!
```

I made a minor update to Hong's suggestion, since "please check it" seemed strange to me.

If you are more interested in using AdvancedHMC.jl via a PPL, please check it!

**NEWS**

> - We will present AdvancedHMC.jl in AABC 2019 (Vancouver, Canada).

Reviewer: Typo: AABC ==> AABI, also, it's useful to add a link to AABI.

n_samples, n_adapts = 10_000, 2_000

# Draw a random starting points
θ_init = rand(D)

# Define metric space, Hamiltonian, sampling method and adaptor
metric = DiagEuclideanMetric(D)
h = Hamiltonian(metric, ℓπ, ∂ℓπ∂θ)
int = Leapfrog(find_good_eps(h, θ_init))
prop = NUTS{MultinomialTS,GeneralisedNoUTurn}(int)
adaptor = StanHMCAdaptor(
    n_adapts, 
    Preconditioner(metric), 
    NesterovDualAveraging(0.8, int)
)

# Draw samples via simulating Hamiltonian dynamics
# - `samples` will store the samples
# - `stats` will store statistics for each sample
samples, stats = sample(h, prop, θ_init, n_samples, adaptor, n_adapts; progress=true)
```

> ## Supported HMC components

Reviewer: I think a more appropriate title is "API and supported HMC algorithms"

> AdvancedHMC.jl supports various types of metric space, leapfrog integrators, proposal methods and adaptors beyond the minimal example above. The minimal example above is expected to work with those components chosen from the supported list below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An important design goal of `AdvancedHMC.jl` is to be modular, and support algorithmic research on HMC. This modularity means that different HMC variants can be easily constructed by composing various components, such as preconditioning metric (i.e. mass matrix), leapfrog integrators,  trajectories (static or dynamic), and adaption schemes etc. The minimal example above can be modified to suit particular inference problems by picking components from the list below.
```

> Metric space (`metric`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Preconditioning matrix (`metric`)
```

- Unit metric: `UnitEuclideanMetric(dim)` 
- Diagonal metric: `DiagEuclideanMetric(dim)`
- Dense metric: `DenseEuclideanMetric(dim)` 

> where `dim` is the dimension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where `dim` is the dimensionality of the sampling space. 
```

Integrator (`int`)

- Ordinary leapfrog integrator: `Leapfrog(ϵ)`
- Jittered leapfrog integrator with jitter rate `n`: `JitteredLeapfrog(ϵ, n)`
- Tempered leapfrog integrator with tempering rate `a`: `TemperedLeapfrog(ϵ, a)`

> where `ϵ` is the step size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where `ϵ` is the step size of leapfrog integration. 
```
